metric=host_cpu field=usage_guest
metric=host_cpu field=usage_guest_nice
metric=host_cpu field=usage_idle
metric=host_cpu field=usage_iowait
metric=host_cpu field=usage_irq
metric=host_cpu field=usage_nice
metric=host_cpu field=usage_softirq
metric=host_cpu field=usage_steal
metric=host_cpu field=usage_system
metric=host_cpu field=usage_user
metric=host_disk field=free
metric=host_disk field=inodes_free
metric=host_disk field=inodes_total
metric=host_disk field=inodes_used
metric=host_disk field=total
metric=host_disk field=used
metric=host_disk field=used_percent
metric=host_diskio field=io_time
metric=host_diskio field=iops_in_progress
metric=host_diskio field=merged_reads
metric=host_diskio field=merged_writes
metric=host_diskio field=read_bytes
metric=host_diskio field=read_time
metric=host_diskio field=reads
metric=host_diskio field=weighted_io_time
metric=host_diskio field=write_bytes
metric=host_diskio field=write_time
metric=host_diskio field=writes
metric=host_mem field=active
metric=host_mem field=available
metric=host_mem field=available_percent
metric=host_mem field=buffered
metric=host_mem field=cached
metric=host_mem field=commit_limit
metric=host_mem field=committed_as
metric=host_mem field=dirty
metric=host_mem field=free
metric=host_mem field=high_free
metric=host_mem field=high_total
metric=host_mem field=huge_page_size
metric=host_mem field=huge_pages_free
metric=host_mem field=huge_pages_total
metric=host_mem field=inactive
metric=host_mem field=low_free
metric=host_mem field=low_total
metric=host_mem field=mapped
metric=host_mem field=page_tables
metric=host_mem field=shared
metric=host_mem field=slab
metric=host_mem field=sreclaimable
metric=host_mem field=sunreclaim
metric=host_mem field=swap_cached
metric=host_mem field=swap_free
metric=host_mem field=swap_total
metric=host_mem field=total
metric=host_mem field=used
metric=host_mem field=used_percent
metric=host_mem field=vmalloc_chunk
metric=host_mem field=vmalloc_total
metric=host_mem field=vmalloc_used
metric=host_mem field=write_back
metric=host_mem field=write_back_tmp
metric=host_net field=bytes_recv
metric=host_net field=bytes_sent
metric=host_net field=drop_in
metric=host_net field=drop_out
metric=host_net field=err_in
metric=host_net field=err_out
metric=host_net field=icmp_inaddrmaskreps
metric=host_net field=icmp_inaddrmasks
metric=host_net field=icmp_incsumerrors
metric=host_net field=icmp_indestunreachs
metric=host_net field=icmp_inechoreps
metric=host_net field=icmp_inechos
metric=host_net field=icmp_inerrors
metric=host_net field=icmp_inmsgs
metric=host_net field=icmp_inparmprobs
metric=host_net field=icmp_inredirects
metric=host_net field=icmp_insrcquenchs
metric=host_net field=icmp_intimeexcds
metric=host_net field=icmp_intimestampreps
metric=host_net field=icmp_intimestamps
metric=host_net field=icmp_outaddrmaskreps
metric=host_net field=icmp_outaddrmasks
metric=host_net field=icmp_outdestunreachs
metric=host_net field=icmp_outechoreps
metric=host_net field=icmp_outechos
metric=host_net field=icmp_outerrors
metric=host_net field=icmp_outmsgs
metric=host_net field=icmp_outparmprobs
metric=host_net field=icmp_outredirects
metric=host_net field=icmp_outsrcquenchs
metric=host_net field=icmp_outtimeexcds
metric=host_net field=icmp_outtimestampreps
metric=host_net field=icmp_outtimestamps
metric=host_net field=icmpmsg_intype3
metric=host_net field=icmpmsg_outtype3
metric=host_net field=ip_defaultttl
metric=host_net field=ip_forwarding
metric=host_net field=ip_forwdatagrams
metric=host_net field=ip_fragcreates
metric=host_net field=ip_fragfails
metric=host_net field=ip_fragoks
metric=host_net field=ip_inaddrerrors
metric=host_net field=ip_indelivers
metric=host_net field=ip_indiscards
metric=host_net field=ip_inhdrerrors
metric=host_net field=ip_inreceives
metric=host_net field=ip_inunknownprotos
metric=host_net field=ip_outdiscards
metric=host_net field=ip_outnoroutes
metric=host_net field=ip_outrequests
metric=host_net field=ip_reasmfails
metric=host_net field=ip_reasmoks
metric=host_net field=ip_reasmreqds
metric=host_net field=ip_reasmtimeout
metric=host_net field=packets_recv
metric=host_net field=packets_sent
metric=host_net field=tcp_activeopens
metric=host_net field=tcp_attemptfails
metric=host_net field=tcp_currestab
metric=host_net field=tcp_estabresets
metric=host_net field=tcp_incsumerrors
metric=host_net field=tcp_inerrs
metric=host_net field=tcp_insegs
metric=host_net field=tcp_maxconn
metric=host_net field=tcp_outrsts
metric=host_net field=tcp_outsegs
metric=host_net field=tcp_passiveopens
metric=host_net field=tcp_retranssegs
metric=host_net field=tcp_rtoalgorithm
metric=host_net field=tcp_rtomax
metric=host_net field=tcp_rtomin
metric=host_net field=udp_ignoredmulti
metric=host_net field=udp_incsumerrors
metric=host_net field=udp_indatagrams
metric=host_net field=udp_inerrors
metric=host_net field=udp_noports
metric=host_net field=udp_outdatagrams
metric=host_net field=udp_rcvbuferrors
metric=host_net field=udp_sndbuferrors
metric=host_net field=udplite_ignoredmulti
metric=host_net field=udplite_incsumerrors
metric=host_net field=udplite_indatagrams
metric=host_net field=udplite_inerrors
metric=host_net field=udplite_noports
metric=host_net field=udplite_outdatagrams
metric=host_net field=udplite_rcvbuferrors
metric=host_net field=udplite_sndbuferrors
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_close
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_close_wait
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_closing
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_established
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_fin_wait1
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_fin_wait2
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_last_ack
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_listen
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_none
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_syn_recv
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_syn_sent
metric=host_netstat field=tcp_time_wait
metric=host_netstat field=udp_socket
metric=host_system field=load1
metric=host_system field=load15
metric=host_system field=load5
metric=host_system field=n_cpus
metric=host_system field=n_users
metric=host_system field=uptime
metric=processes field=dead
metric=processes field=idle
metric=processes field=paging
metric=processes field=sleeping
metric=processes field=stopped
metric=processes field=total
metric=processes field=total_threads
metric=processes field=unknown
metric=processes field=zombies
metric=procstat field=child_major_faults
metric=procstat field=child_minor_faults
metric=procstat field=cpu_time
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_guest
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_guest_nice
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_idle
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_iowait
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_irq
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_nice
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_soft_irq
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_steal
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_system
metric=procstat field=cpu_time_user
metric=procstat field=cpu_usage
metric=procstat field=created_at
metric=procstat field=involuntary_context_switches
metric=procstat field=lookup_pid_count
metric=procstat field=lookup_result_code
metric=procstat field=lookup_running
metric=procstat field=major_faults
metric=procstat field=memory_data
metric=procstat field=memory_locked
metric=procstat field=memory_rss
metric=procstat field=memory_stack
metric=procstat field=memory_swap
metric=procstat field=memory_usage
metric=procstat field=memory_vms
metric=procstat field=minor_faults
metric=procstat field=nice_priority
metric=procstat field=num_fds
metric=procstat field=num_threads
metric=procstat field=pid
metric=procstat field=ppid
metric=procstat field=read_bytes
metric=procstat field=read_count
metric=procstat field=rlimit_cpu_time_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_cpu_time_soft
metric=procstat field=rlimit_file_locks_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_file_locks_soft
metric=procstat field=rlimit_memory_data_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_memory_locked_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_memory_locked_soft
metric=procstat field=rlimit_memory_rss_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_memory_rss_soft
metric=procstat field=rlimit_memory_stack_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_memory_stack_soft
metric=procstat field=rlimit_memory_vms_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_memory_vms_soft
metric=procstat field=rlimit_nice_priority_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_num_fds_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_num_fds_soft
metric=procstat field=rlimit_realtime_priority_soft
metric=procstat field=rlimit_signals_pending_hard
metric=procstat field=rlimit_signals_pending_soft
metric=procstat field=signals_pending
metric=procstat field=voluntary_context_switches
metric=procstat field=write_bytes
metric=procstat field=write_count